{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Take a look at the visualization below showing weather data in San Francisco up to 2016. Select which visual encodings you believe are used. \
\
Select all that apply:\
\
Position\
Size\
Shape\
Value (Brightness)\
Saturation\
Color (Hue)\
Orientation\
Texture\
\
Which of these encodings to you feel is used 
\b most 
\b0 effectively? Why?\
(text response field)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Which of these encodings to you feel is used 
\b least
\b0  effectively effectively? Why?\
(text response field)\
\
\
The graphic is selected from \'92How Much Warmer Was Your City in 2015?\'92 by K.K. Rebecca Lai on Feb. 19, 2016 in the New York Times: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/02/19/us/2015-year-in-weather-temperature-precipitation.html#san-francisco_ca\
\
From the NYTimes site: 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Temperature and precipitation data are provided by AccuWeather. The normal range of temperature is calculated by normalizing the weather from 1981 to 2010. Data for some cities are incomplete. When actual or historical temperatures were missing, the corresponding bar is not shown for that day. The data presented here are as they were recorded on Jan. 22, 2016.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Link: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/02/19/us/2015-year-in-weather-temperature-precipitation.html#san-francisco_ca}