{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red244\green246\blue249;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
The files from the video have been provided on github: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/andyreagan/d3-template"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/andyreagan/d3-template}}\
\
Take a look at each file in the directory, familiarizing yourself with the html, css, and javascript. We\'92ll discuss the Bootstrap and jQuery libraries later on in the course, so don\'92t worry too much about those now. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 0) First, clone the repo or download the zip where you want it. Then change into the cloned or unzipped folder. Here's an example cloning the repo:
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 git clone git@github.com:andyreagan/d3-template.git\
mv d3-template my-new-project\
cd my-new-project\
# get rid of the template\
\\rm -rf .git
\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
1) Open up the javascript file in one of the editors of your choosing.\
Some possible text editors you can use to write and edit your code include:\
Sublime Text https://www.sublimetext.com/\
Atom https://atom.io/\
http://brackets.io/\
\
2) View the web application in your browser.\
\
Remember, while it\'92s often possible to view the application by loading the html directly into the browser, it\'92s good to get in the habit of using your python local server instead because things can get messy quickly when working with external data. Change directories using the command line into wherever you\'92ve placed the files. Next let\'92s launch the python server from there. Hint: it won\'92t work unless it\'92s in the same directory.\
\
If you\'92re still running Python2, eep!  It\'92s a good idea to update this, but you can still use:  
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
python -m SimpleHTTPServer 
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in the command line.\
\
Python 3:  
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
python3 -m http.server\
\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The default port is 8000, so you\'92ll need to specify this port in your browser to view the files: http://localhost:8000
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 3) Next, try changing the javascript code in your editor. Change the black box to a different color in the javascript file. Do you see the update when you refresh your browser?\
\
4) Upload a screenshot of your browser loading http://localhost:8000, showing the rectangle that is a different color than black.
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
}